hey what is going on guys my name is
should be gooder HD and welcome back to
my channel in this video I'm going to be
showing you guys an unlimited money
glitch working on all the consoles after
all of the patches before we start soft
if you could drop a like and mean the
world to me let's try and shoot for
something crazy this time I want to say
maybe 8 likes I don't know if we can do
it but you know let's go for it 8likes
and without further ado let's continue
alright guys step one you're going to
want to make sure all of your garages
are full you can either fill them up
with random street cars or just make
sure you have some cars in there that
you aren't afraid to lose step to drive
any car out of your garage that you are
not afraid to lose step 3 invite your
friends to the session having come to
the driver's side door and make sure
that you set your vehicle preference to
nobody so he can't get in but and then
make sure he's up by the driver side
door and then yeah so step 5 tell your
friend to spam y on the door and if done
correctly the door should never open
keep in mind you're not inside the car
right now step 6 find a random car off
the street and bring it to Los Santos
customs and upgrade it as much as you
can I recommend using a buffalo and i'm
pretty sure sultan is good for this as
well step 7 attempt to put a tracker on
the car and los santos customs it should
say that you need to replace a vehicle
step 8 replace the car that your friend
is repeatedly tapping why to get in and
then basically this is the car that he's
been tapping why on this so far in
during the witch step 9 right after you
replace the vehicle proceed to the game
store you're just going to want to press
Start go over the game store doesn't
matter what console you're on and once
it loads have your friend invite you
back to the session step 10 go into a
blue circle around the map where there
is a job or a race those are those blue
little rings on the ground and what
there's one right down the street from
the main los santos customs
step 11 once the job loads up back out
of the job step 12 once you load back
into the session look on your map and
wait until you see a car with a tracker
on it step 13 get into the vehicle
without without the tracker on it and
proceed to bring it down to Los Santos
customs step 14 you can either sell the
car or you could keep using this same
process to keep duplicating the car to
fill up a garage or do whatever you're
going to want to do so you can sell it
do whatever you want not up to me up to
you but yeah that's about it for this
glitch I hope I explained it well the
steps have been on screen for the
duration of the video and obviously I'm
not allowed to use grand theft auto 5
gameplay because rockstar is striking
down videos with rocks or with GTA game
play in it that are related to money
glitches RP glitches and stuff like that
so I found an alternative so I'm gonna
start doing this and I'm gonna keep
going on with my daily GTA 5 videos and
i know i uploaded something extremely
similar to this yesterday but the thing
was you know this one's a lot more
in-depth the other one was just kind of
basic so i thought i'd explain it a
little bit more in depth for you guys
but i hope you guys enjoy makes you drop
a like let's go 48 likes i know i don't
even think we're gonna be able to do it
but if you do we do break a likes i
don't know maybe we can do a giveaway of
a pair of kanye west's Yeezys they
retail for about six dollars so i might
be able to get some of those and
probably sell them or not sell them
giveaway here on my channel JK but yeah
please drop a like hope you guys enjoyed
the video and i'll see you guys in the
next one he's our guys